Cliff Cottage
Cliff Cottage was donated to the parish of Lalliston in 1910 by Miss Sarah Ann Blandy of Broadlands.
The cottage was intended to be a reading room and general meeting place for the parishioners,
a kind of workman's club and institute.
Its upkeep was provided by the formation of the Blandy Trust and the rent from accommodation.
In the First World War, it was inhabited by Belgian refugees, and for a short time after that,
it was the headquarters of the Air Rifle Club, but by the 1950s, the buildings and gardens had
fallen into disrepair. In 1968, there was a proposal to convert the house into a parish hall,
but the cost would be too high. In 1971, the gardening club agreed to take over the cottage
and carry out the necessary repair work to the building on the understanding they would not be
charged rent. They are still located there to this day. There is a small room at the side of the
cottage called Blandy Hall, which is used by the Community Council, other groups such as
Writers' Circles and the Ramblers use it for meetings as well.